I'm a very obsessive person because when I find something that I am interested in, truly interested in, nothing else matters. My focus becomes seamless. I could work 24 hours a day if I didn't value sleep. It's all I think about. It's all I learn about and it's all I want to do. And I've gone through these obsessive cycles multiple times in my life.
At first it was fitness, and then spirituality, and then digital art, photography, web development, then psychology and certain branches of philosophy and various high value skills that I was told to learn, like marketing, copywriting, sales. ET cetera. The things that are required to start a business, so to say.
And personally, I know there are many people that have that quality as well. You're very obsessive. You love to learn, but when you look around you, there aren't too many people that also display that quality. So I genuinely think that it's a superpower. And I'm not just saying it because I have that quality, but I have noticed that it allows me to get very far ahead of other people very quickly, because for some reason, people just can't become interested in things.
They don't find something interesting when if you look deep enough, everything is interesting, absolutely everything. Just stare at your wall and then dig deeper. How was it built? What is the process that went into making it? Why is that outlet structured in that way? So on and so forth. You have an entire learning rabbit hole that you can go down with anything that you look at.
So I don't really understand that. I'm not interested in anything. I think you're just distracted and you've engaged in so much pleasure seeking that simple things just don't bring you joy. But if you do have multiple interests, there is a pretty big problem, and it's that society has convinced you that that trait or quality of loving learning or having multiple interests is a weakness.
And you may even believe them because you spend your entire day learning or going down rabbit holes. And frankly, you don't really have much to show for it. All you have is a bit of knowledge, and it's understandable why society, or just people in general think that. Why they think that that trait is a weakness.
It's because most people still have a worldview influenced by the industrial paradigm. They fully believe that becoming a specialist, getting a job that requires you to perform a mechanical string of tasks for 40 years, and retiring at an age where your money can't be put to great use outside of buying material objects because you were deprived for so long, is still the best route to take in life.
And I can confidently tell you that that is not the best route to take in life. Therefore, having multiple interests is potentially a superpower. And that's why I'm creating these videos to show you why. First, it signals that you have high agency. Second is signals that you have a unique point of view. And three, it signals that you have everything required to turn your interests into a modern source of income, because that's every person's dream.
If you have multiple interests, you want to be able to pursue those things full time. And there are many ways to do that in today's world. But I want to show you one way that is just a logical way of doing it. It is probably the best way of doing it. So in this video, I want to break it all down. I want to break down why people who learn quickly and have multiple interests are already ahead of most of the population.
I want to break down how you already do 80% of the work required to make an income. That is, you already research. You just don't think of it as that. And then I want to break down your options to start earning a side or full time income, preferably by discovering and pursuing your life's work. Yes, that's a bit deep.
You're probably just here to make money, but trust me, it's a lot better if it's meaningful money. So with all of that, let's begin. And for part one, I want to talk about why learners and improvers. So like self improvers have more leverage than ever before. And we'll start with a quote from naval code. And media are permissionless leverage their the leverage behind the newly rich.
You can create software and media that works for you while you sleep. So for many people you hear code and that doesn't really ring a bell for you, right? You're not a programmer, you're not a coder. And media may not ring a bell for you either, because like, what does that mean? In today's world, that means content.
In the past, it meant the radio, maybe billboards, maybe books, maybe physical mail, maybe the newspaper. But today it's content. And what you may not understand is that, yes, content can work for you while you sleep. This YouTube video probably has a link to it in my software that some people will pay for, and this YouTube video will continue growing over time and driving traffic to that offer.
So two things a source of traffic media. This video creating it on a consistent schedule and having a strategy and to your offer what you're selling that allows you to not sell an offer or a product for the boss that you're working for so that you can do it independently. Oh, I don't want to sell an offer. You're already selling one.
You're playing the role that your boss gave you to sell the product that they're selling. So all you need to do is sell a product that you actually want to sell, and then create media to sell it. But there's a lot that goes into that, right? That's why we're here. So you as an individual have more leverage than ever before.
Leverage in this context is the multiplier between input and output. In other words, a small action can create a disproportionately large effect, and technology continues to increase the power in individual holds. Because just think about it. When social media became a thing, or even the internet became a thing, you can now write an article, or a social media post, or a tweet, or real that has the potential to reach millions of people.
That was impossible with the radio. You probably will never get on the radio or television. And imagine in the past, imagine trying to send a million handwritten letters to people around the world. It just doesn't work that way. So what this means is that the average, everyday person now has the potential to reach a lot of people.
Maybe not millions, but even thousands is crazy. What if one person, what if a thousand people pay you a certain amount of money per month? You're set. You're not a mega millionaire because you don't have to be, but you've effectively replaced your salary and probably then some more. And now this is still possible.
Social media has evolved and the market has become sophisticated. But that doesn't mean that you can't learn that you're a learner. That's why I'm saying this is a superpower is because you can acquire the skill and you can create the strategy through dedicated learning and research that allows you to do this, because most people won't do that.
And the thing about understanding is that people create excuses for things that they don't understand. And if excuses are for the incompetent, then incompetent people will think, oh, social media is just about luck. Everyone's posting content, but only a few get picked to do well, when in reality, the ones that get picked to do well are the people who treat it as their full time job to study and understand why that mechanism works.
You just see it as people posting on social media because you're a consumer. You're not the person doing it, you're not in the game. You haven't studied that domain of knowledge. And yes, it's a domain of knowledge. Like anything else, you don't understand it. So you label it as this simple little thing that your mind can understand.
And then you look at that simple little thing and you think, oh, that's useless, or oh, I can't do this. But the other thing here related to leverage is that now AI has become a thing, and the ability to code or program another form of leverage has become democratized so that most people can do it. Are you going to build the next notion or the next Salesforce or the next whatever, big software, the next social media platform? No, probably not, unless you have an entire dev team behind you.
But most average people can absolutely build a small scale digital product that they can sell, accompanied by a full marketing funnel that they can have the AI build out. And does that mean that everything is written by AI? No. You have to impress your personal taste on it so that it sounds like you. And so that actually works.
But building the thing or building the prototype of the thing has become faster than ever. So in other words, you can do the thing that used to take a team of ten, 20, 30, 40, 50 people as one person. Now, this was always possible with something like social media and information products. That was what my old one person business videos talked about, where you pretty much build a social media audience.
You write content for two hours a day, and then you create a digital product and you sell that product in your content. But information products are abundant. Anyone can create them. I don't think they're going to die, but we're going to talk about all of that now, to start to ground this so that you can understand it as a person with multiple interests, or a person who just has one interest and wants to share it or wants to turn it into a business.
Paul Mousseau is a great example. He has built a modern philosophy school on Substack. He quite literally just teaches philosophy on Substack. That's the paid tier of his Substack. He does weekly lectures that people can attend. And now I've talked about this in my book. It's free on my Substack called Purpose and Profit, but I see the good parts of the creator economy as somewhat of a decentralized education system.
Passionate individuals dive deep into their interests, pull out the compelling parts, make them useful, and teach them. Most people these days get most of their education related to their goals, not their parents goals, not their universities goals. From places like YouTube and social media, from the creators they resonate with.
You're probably not learning about what I'm sharing in this video in college. In high school, you're not. You have to supplement. You have to self educate with people who are sharing what you want to learn on YouTube or other social media platforms, and their entire business model. My entire business model is improve yourself and then improve others.
In other words, if you have interests to talk about, you have a way of building an audience. You have traffic, you have leverage. The difficulty lies in talking about your interests in a way that captures attention and makes people want to follow you. And this is exactly why I built Eden, because it makes it nearly impossible to not generate ideas worth writing about, and then it guides you through actually writing them.
It's your AI content strategist, so to say. At least that's what we're building it to be. It researches what's popular in your niche or in the interest that you talk about, and then it understands who you are, your voice and your own content. If you're already a creator and then it synthesizes the two. So it takes what's already good, it takes what is good from you or has potential, and then it gives you daily ideas that you can take, make your own and run with.
And it's also an outlier tool. So any of the tools you would use to find good ideas on social media or to research social media, this is what content strategists for big YouTubers or big social media accounts use. Then you can just use Eden instead. We're actually working with a few big creators right now to build features that they would benefit from, so their content teams are able to actually use this more than they're already able to, and they're getting quite good results out of it.
We had someone the other day reach out saying that they used to eat an AI chat and their next two posts, so the idea is that they got from Eden that were arguably their own in their own voice, got 3 million views apiece, and they posted those two posts on the same day. That is absurd. So if you want 50% off your first month, you can sign up, link in the description, and then after that, you now have a way of understanding and reverse engineering how to package up your interest so that they get attention, which we'll talk more about.
But if you understand how to package that up or turn that into a product that people will pay you for, then you have a way of monetizing your interest. You have a business, and if you don't like the word business, then just think of it as getting paid for what you do. That's what a business is. Don't overcomplicate it.
Don't assign any negative connotation to the word business because you think it's not for you. So now, part two, I want to talk about how to turn your love for learning into a business. And in this part we're going to break down what your brand, content and product should actually look like. So to the point of what this business model is and how to turn multiple interests into a business, you teach your interests.
That's what you do. You teach, or you turn what you would have taught into an implementation tool. And we'll talk about that because that's a bit more modern, that's a bit more you dive into the vibe coding or programing aspect of things, even though I don't really care for the word vibe coding, because I feel like that's carrying a negative connotation, and it makes people believe that if they vibe code, they're doing something cheap.
But in reality, the people that are vibe coding that also have the knowledge of marketing and sales are doing a lot better than the programmers who don't have the marketing and sales knowledge, because the people with the marketing and sales knowledge are able to create a much better product. Is it perfectly written code? No.
Do I think that's a requirement to a good product? Probably not, especially in the future. And other people think that vibe coding or getting into or just like building some kind of tool with AI is just too easier. It's too cheap. They think of it as like, honestly, they think of it as a tier lower than info products, because info products actually require you to have knowledge and other things like that.
But again, we'll talk about that now for a little story that I feel like a lot of you can resonate with. The other day I was outside working at a coffee shop with my buddies, as I do quite often, and I had someone who noticed me from YouTube, which was pretty cool, and eventually they asked for advice on what they should monetize, and they said that they were trying to do videographers for real estate personal brands, and they had some clients doing that, and he said that he could scale it.
But he said in an ideal world, he wanted to do something more artistic and creative. Right? He wanted to do the filmmaking aspect of things. And so I asked, is he creating content for his own brand? He said no. And to me it was kind of obvious. He should express the artistic side by using filmmaking and videography in his own videos to make them nice, beautiful, and have them stand out.
That's a part of his unique edge. And then he should teach what he's passionate about videography and filmmaking. Two personal brands which he already has some experience in, and that's like a glaring gap in the market, is a lot of personal brands just don't know how to edit. There isn't a day that goes by where I don't get an email, where it's like people are thinking too hard, or think that recording video is like a very high barrier of entry because they don't know what editing tool to use or they don't want to learn it, or
so on and so forth. So not only would this attract videography and filmmaking clients for him by posting his own content, because he's now positioning himself as an authority by teaching other people what he has learned, but he would also build a broad enough audience so that he could eventually create a product that can sell without him actually fulfilling a service so he can sell while he sleeps.
And he could just create something that teaches or helps personal brands or other people get into videography or filmmaking. And the main question here is like, okay, well, what if I don't consider myself an expert? What if I don't have experience in something like videography or filmmaking and don't feel comfortable enough teaching it? That's why you position yourself as a student and a researcher rather than an expert.
You don't have to claim results. You don't have to claim that your videography skills are going to ten x their views overnight. Learning the skill in and of itself if the tip is useful, is useful. And so that's only one example, but I feel like the same applies to you. You don't have a lot of capital to invest, so certain business models are off the table.
You don't care to fundraise, and you kind of just want to do something creative and meaningful. And so for people who have a love for learning, here's kind of the gist of what a business would look like for you. First, you study your interests. That's the first thing. They are inherently valuable because you value them, meaning someone else can value them too.
And many already value them and know people can't just ask AI because they often don't know what to ask. Second is you learn how to package them because you aren't Marcus Aurelius. Writing fortune cookie tweets isn't going to get you anywhere. You must understand attention, mechanics and engagement psychology.
And now that you know what to ask, AI research that. Third, you weave in your unique voice because your audience doesn't care if you have new ideas. They want your opinion, your point of view on an idea that works. And if you don't know what your voice is, build it. In Eden, we have a feature called identities that will just guide you through a conversation and extract your unique voice or identity out of you, and then apply it whenever you're chatting with ideas.
And fourth, you turn yourself into the business. Your brand, content, and product all stem from your interests in the transformation they can provide. So your soul job is to become a researcher and a vessel. And I'm serious about this. You must consider it to your full time job to research. You need to be reading books.
You need to be watching YouTube videos. You need to be listening to podcasts. You need to be looking at the discover tab in Eden because that's what writers, creatives and visionaries do. That's what Jordan Peterson does. That's what Andrew Huberman does. That's what Marcus Aurelius and all your beloved figureheads of the past did.
They probably don't care about being a quote unquote personal brand, but they do care about their interests. So creating content, which was once just considered writing before it took the specific form of media on the internet, is their chosen vessel for earning an income. They read weird books. They find themselves in esoteric rabbit holes on the internet.
They curate idea sources they love and save them in a safe place. They question what most people think, gather multiple perspectives, and synthesize a unique one. They jot down thoughts like mad scientists. They are all ideal workers. They hunt for ideas and share the best ones. Because 80% of writing comes from research, the other 20% is structuring and writing it the way that only you could.
So the question then is how do you actually build a tangible brand, content and product? So starting with brand, your brand is the transformation. Remember that that's your guiding light. Brand is transformation. Because when you think of a person that you admire, why do you admire them? It's because they have changed your life in some fundamental way.
Their content or product led to behavior change. They first changed your mind, and then they changed your actions. And then the results that came from those actions you associated with that person. You gave them credit for it. James clear as an example, convince millions of people to adopt tiny habits that went on to make big changes.
Jordan Peterson, in his prime, convinced millions of young men to take responsibility for their lives and pursue meaning. Alan Watts help people stop taking life so seriously. Naval Ravikant taught people the power of digital leverage. So if you heard an idea from navel and then you notice the outcome of that idea in your life, you would attribute that outcome to navel.
So your brand as a person with multiple interest is how you help people change their lives with those interests. The more people you help, the stronger your brand becomes. And now people get stuck on their brand all the time. They think they need the perfect bio or tagline or value proposition. And in reality, you don't really need to say any of those things.
If you go to some of the profiles or creators that you really like, they usually don't have a bio. They don't have anything there, or at least anything of substance. And that's the thing. People read your bio maybe once or twice when they visit your profile, and sometimes it's not even the guiding factor as to whether or not they're going to follow you.
Your brand is invisible. It's an image in people's minds that accumulates as they read your content, buy your products, change their behavior, and tell other people about you. So all you really need to do is answer three questions and have them guide most of your content, because your content will create your brand.
So the first question is who can you help the most and what does their life look like now? Question two is what has changed your life the most? So what interests do you see as important? Question three is how can you help other people do the same? So what about their mind and actions need to change and how can you help them change? And now you don't need to put the answers to these in your bio, although you can, and you never really have to tell people the answers.
You simply have to write content and create products that help others change. You have to create content on what you deem an important idea that helps people that align with those three questions we just asked. And now, if you struggle to answer even the first question there, I think a very good starting point for a lot of people in terms of who you can help the most is your past self.
The person you can help the most is your past self, and there are plenty of other people who are like your past self. You are pursuing your best self. So you're trying to get here, but you're here now and you were here before. There are plenty of people here. Those are who you can help. You don't need to posture as your best self, because a lot of the time that doesn't relate to the person down here.
Usually if you're one to 2 to 3 steps ahead, that's what you want. If I go to someone and say, hey, you want to make 5 million bucks and it's just average person, they're gonna be like, you're dumb. Like, why would I even believe you like that? Sounds like a scam. But if I came to you and say, hey, I learned this thing for how to make $100 a day.
Do you want me to teach it to you? There's least a bit more open, right? That's only one example. Like money related, that could still set off people's alarms, but I think you get the point. It's a lot closer in proximity to where they are and what they believe is possible for themselves to achieve. So the questions that you ask yourself here are what situation were you in? How did you get into the interest that helped you change, and how can you help people go through the same transformation faster? And you really don't need
to think too hard about this, because it will refine with time. You just need like a starting point, you need a direction. So moving on to what your content is. If your brand is the transformation, your content is the map that is built over time. It's the world. You think of the Marvel Cinematic Universe with Iron Man and the Avengers and Spider-Man and all of these different things.
It was built up over time in this like binge fashion, and they have TV show spinoffs, they have the movies, they have action figures, they have an entire lore behind it. That's kind of what you're building over time. And so for this, I talk to a lot of people who just want to start writing. And as you might guess, or as you may have experienced, their problems revolve around the same things.
They don't know what to write, and they don't know how to write it. They don't know what makes their writing different from everyone else's. They don't know why people would listen to them over someone else. They don't see themselves as experts but don't understand. The experts aren't the only ones who have an audience.
You can build a student style personal brand to you. Just learn, research, and share what you've found without claiming any results until you actually have results. So I like to think of content like this. You have a brand who you help and how you help them change their life. And now you treat content like you're the programmer of a video game.
You have point A, where your audience is now level one, and then you have point B where you can help them get to, which can be level 100 or 50 or ten or even two, just one level ahead of them. And even if you aren't level 100, you're allowed to grow. You should grow. Actually, you're the leader. That's why you attract followers, so to say, because entrepreneurship is self-improvement in disguise.
Now, to make this simple, any idea or content is free game. If it lands between your point A and point B, and it may help to quite literally pull out a piece of paper drop point A on one side, point B on the other, and then you can start filling in the middle with topics and ideas. So to start, you can write 2 to 3 broad topics like health, psychology or business.
These are your content pillars or your main interests broadened up a bit. And then for each of those topics, you can write 2 to 3 more subtopics. For each of those subtopics, you can write 2 to 3 pain points, principles, how to's, or other types of content styles that you've seen. And so let's say that my brand is to help people become future proof, which it is.
That's my niche, so to speak. That's who I try to attract, is people who want to become future proof. Then my entire goal with content at that point is to find great ideas that I want to talk about, and just frame them through the lens of becoming future proof. So if I want to talk about the topics of having multiple interests, the way it becomes unique to me is like, okay, well, how does that help you become future proof in this video was born as an example.
If I'm studying my interests like flow psychology and I find an idea I love like how psychic entropy causes the mind to slowly become disordered with time. Unless effort is put into maintaining a meaningful hierarchy of goals, then the first question I ask myself is this how does this apply to becoming future proof? And through that question alone, I now have a unique piece of content.
I'm not copying the idea 1 to 1, I'm applying it to a new domain from my own voice and perspective. And that is content creation in a nutshell. For people who don't want to dance in front of a camera or be on TikTok, just hunt for ideas in your interest that you really like, and you have a mission that you can help other people achieve.
And then you tie the two together. You frame the idea through the mission. So when you have an idea, you just look at the map that you drew with all of your topics on there and you think, okay, how does this help people get from point A to point B? Okay. In the newsletter YouTube video you're creating, the introduction is illustrating the problem that point A is at the middle is explaining the concept or idea that you want to talk about.
And then the end section or the actionable section is like, okay, here's the steps to get to point B, and that's how you create a newsletter. That's how you create a YouTube script. That's how you create anything long form for short form content, you kind of just idiot short posts. And it really helps to look at how other people package and structure posts.
If you don't know what to do here, this is when you go to Eden and look at how other posts are doing, and then click the buttons that allow you to make them your own. And that's a very important part, because if you can't get people to click and stay. In other words, if you can't create engaging content from the ideas you have, who's going to see your product? Who is going to pay you for what you do? In other words, how are you actually going to do what you love learning in a sustainable way? If you're always in survival mode
and selling a product for your boss rather than yourself? So that moves us on to the product, right? Your brand is the transformation, your content is the map, and your product is the tool. Now, when I first started on social media, I was a web designer. I started writing on Twitter because I was tired of doing cold outreach all day.
It was frankly exhausting, and I knew that my next step was building an audience so that I could land clients from that audience. As I got clients. And as my service evolved because my knowledge evolved with it, I found a lot of people coming to me, not because they wanted a website, but because they just didn't have clarity on their brand, content, and product.
They thought a website was going to fix everything, or they were convinced that that was like the whole and why they weren't making money as a website of all things. When the rest of the things the brand content product like literally the main funnel that would make you money just wasn't there. And so I helped them, and I actually started to pivot my offer in that direction.
And there was a two year period of time where I would consider myself a brand advisor or personal brand advisor. And the biggest question then was, okay, if I write about all these ideas and interests, what do I sell? It feels like I'm just giving everything out. People won't have a reason to buy my product if they already know it all.
And now, typically the reason people ask this question is because they just love getting in their own heads, right? They don't like thinking things through. And I'm not saying that as a jab. I do it all the time, right? You get a little bit stressed, you don't know where to look. And you just like pick an answer, right? And then that answer becomes law and then it prevents you from taking any further action.
And so that answer to that of like, oh, why will they buy from me is that people just buy things they probably don't remember everything they read from you, and they are even more likely to never implement it. Just because you've talked about it doesn't mean people aren't going to buy something. But of course, there's a better way to think about it, right? That's kind of a silly way to think about it.
I like to think of my products as tools or systems that help people get from point A to point B on my map. As an example, I can talk about writing all day, and I can teach how I write newsletters, content and generate ideas. But a tweet or newsletter is usually not the best medium for teaching an entire system through things like modules, worksheets, templates, and everything like that.
So if I create a product like I did previously with to our writer when I was actually promoting and selling that, that was like the complete system for implementation. Like no one video could take the role of that product because it was a daily set of actions backed with education that someone can use to get results.
And it's kind of evolved into what Eden is becoming today. It's find validated ideas. Make them your own, right? Post them. It's the writing hub, it's the content strategy hub. And one thing we need to talk about is that if you don't care to sell an info product because everyone told you they were a scam and you were dumb enough to not think or question, then you can build a software.
But again, and I've learned this through three years of failure so far, it needs to be a system. Yes, you can probably vibe code small scale software quite well if you have agency and understand the iterative process and you love learning, so you should be able to just start building it and ask the AI questions along the way.
And the thing here that I don't get is like, oh, well, how do I start? Just ask Claude, how do I start building an app? Literally just say that, hey, I want to build it. I've heard about this vibe coding thing. I've heard that you can help with this. How do I do it? Give me a plan and then it breaks it. Down you go.
Okay, how do I start on step one? And then it tells you and then you do it and you go, okay, let's do step two. And then you tell and you do it. And it's not like you're just having Claude do everything because you have to guide it. You still have to understand what's going on. And then you keep just following the steps until you have a version one.
And frankly, the version one is going to suck. And then it's up to you. Are you going to say, oh yeah, this is a vibe coded app. So I could only get this far and it sucks. Or are you going to keep going, keep iterating, and you just ask the question or solve the problem when you encounter it? Now back to the point.
The creator economy when it comes to monetization is a systems economy. You don't have to build the next note taking tool. I've tried that you build the software that helps them do what your info product would have helped them do. Watch my previous videos on the info product or go to my Substack and on my page.
Here I have a full guide to how you would create a profitable digital product that gives you everything that's like what you need to know about marketing. You don't need to take any other marketing course except for pay attention to what's in that guide. So for Paul Mousseau, who has the philosophy school that we talked about earlier, he could literally just build like a learning app for philosophy and he could share his teachings on there.
Like, there are so many different ideas that could work for Paul, but I'm sure Paul doesn't care because he's already doing something that works well. He doesn't need to go further. I'm just kind of throwing out ideas here and there, but that's really it. You just have to build the product and you have to do it in a way that gets results or is good.
You can have this great idea and you can build it out, but that doesn't mean it's good and it doesn't mean that other people want to use it. And it definitely doesn't mean that they want to pay for it. So you have to test all of those things. And so with all of that, this wasn't a very hyper practical video or section on building a product, because I don't think that's what you need.
You just need clarity that this path is viable. That's why you came to this video. It's not for the step by step how to do it, because you can find that anywhere. You just need the belief. And once you have that belief, you can figure out the rest because you love learning. So this video was just meant to be a spark to show you what's possible.
And I'll create more on this in the future. Or just let me know what you actually want to learn, and I'll jot that down to create another video about it. But until then, like subscribe, join my newsletter link in the description if you want weekly newsletters on how to reach your potential. And then check out Eden.
If you're even slightly interested in finding high performing ideas that relate exactly to you and having them delivered to you on a daily basis. So with that, thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next video. Bye.
Made with

